civilians in Gaza City are being told to
leave their homes and head south the
Israeli Army has dropped thousands of
leaflets telling more than a quarter of
a million people that the area remains a
dangerous combat zone further south at
least 29 Palestinians were killed and
dozens more wounded yesterday in an
Israeli air strike on a camp for
displaced people gaza's Hamas run Health
Ministry says the strike was next to the
gate of a nearby School East of the city
of Khan UNIS fle ke's report does
contain some distressing
[Applause]
images the women of the House of Abu
[Music]
Abed they have lost a
brother Muhammad was
27 trained to teach special needs
children and about to be
married he was going out to call his
fiance next week the boorder will open
and he could go see her he joked goodbye
Gaza
goodbye Muhammad was planning to join
his future wife in Egypt her family
escaped there after nine were killed in
an earlier air
strike his sister-in-law inas blinded in
one eye then and Muhammad's fianceé
[Music]
hadil up to the last minute I was
planning for him to arrive here we were
going to stay for a while and if things
improved go back to Gaza now I don't
know what to
do the missile was fired around 7:30 in
the
evening youths playing nearby in ALA ran
to
help and saw children's bodies parts of
body
the Israeli military says it was
targeting a Hamas member allegedly
involved in the October 7th
massacres in doing so they killed 29
people dozens more were
wounded they've been bombed
displaced from one fragile Refuge to
another
and there is what they have
seen and what cannot be
unremembered they lean in to stop the
child struggling as shrapnel is removed
from his
head pure chance the direction of the
blast saved this
infant the Israelis say they used
precise Munitions and are reviewing the
circumstances of the airam
strike the teacher Muhammad Abed was one
of those buried
today by Sisters still trapped in this
hell grieving for him and for what their
children must
endure fergal Kean BBC News Jerusalem